maybe if you're on page three you're
going to get some clicks but it's really
page one and page two that are going to
gobble up all the traffic mainly page
one so now you're talking about there's
over a billion results and 30 pages that
get the majority of the
traffic hey Neil so here's a loaded
question for you what's the biggest
thing someone can do to improve their
SEO
[Music]
NE thinking yeah the camera goes to
who's talking I just want people to know
you were thinking okay go ahead
so what I would do if I was trying to
improve my
SEO you know a lot of people say links
and links have a big impact and I'm
going to give you two answers I'm going
to give you the answer the first one is
going to be for the majority of the
websites out there and the second one is
a little bit creative that most people
don't do so the first one would be
update your content you can do a search
on Google for anything so I'm here in
the United States Auto Insurance I'm
just going to actually do a search right
now okay I can probably even share my
screen too child why not I'm gonna share
my screen because it lets me so check
this out this is the term auto insurance
all right you can see here there's
301,000 people in the United States that
search auto insurance in the last uh 30
days you guys can see my screen y yeah
check this out
1.18 billion
results all right so basic math one one
123123 divided by
301 that means for every person they're
searching there's
3,920 unique results right and we chat
gbt and Ai and all this kind of stuff
you're going to get people creating more
content at Mass scale it's never ending
but where do most people go
page one all right and my team always
makes a joke people hide dead bodies on
page two because no one clicks there
that's page three so maybe maybe if
you're on page three you're going to get
some clicks but it's really page one and
page two that are going to gobble up all
the traffic mainly page
one so now you're talking about there's
over a billion results and 30 pages that
get the majority of the traffic and the
reason I say updating content is if you
search for anything on the internet most
keywords have Wikipedia ranking the
reason Wikipedia does so well is because
the content is
fresh none of you guys on the screen
here today or anyone listening wants to
search on Google and be like yeah I want
to read about digital marketing yeah
this article from three years ago was
amazing like no you want something
that's up to date and fresh so you know
it's relevant and practical for you so
the biggest thing that company should be
doing that they're not doing is updating
their content on a quarterly basis for
all their money pages and why I mean
money Pages the pages that are driving
conversions getting the majority of the
traffic that have the relevant audience
so that's the big thing that I think
most companies make a mistake on and we
see this that our Ad Agency all day long
that has a massive impact the second
thing if I had to list the second thing
and this is creative link still have a
massive impact on rankings with people
creating content you know Mass scale
with Chad GPT or Bard or uberus AI
writer or whatever Jas or whatever tool
people want to use content is getting
more commoditized and it's really cheap
to build uh create anyways in the first
place even before chat GPT but the big
thing is how do you get more links and
most people believe that the best way to
get links is through content and
infographics and a great product and
service what we found the best way to
get links is you take a tool in your
industry whatever industry you are
there's tools for it even in Fitness
there's calculator and all that kind of
stuff you take tools that people are
used to paying for and you create them
for free and you just release them out
in the wild and over time they just
build a lot of backlinks which makes
your overall site have a higher
authority which causes you to get higher
rankings I like the tool strategy I
think that's really great and with Chad
GPT you don't even have to build the
tools as you know as much and what I say
as much I meaning you don't have to pay
people as much um the software
engineering on Chad GPT is still pretty
shitty it'll get there but built the
game of pong in 60 seconds it can do a
lot for you you'll still need some
Engineers to help you out but uh you can
do a lot more with less money these days
because of AI versus before yeah I
really love that we were actually
talking about um open sourcing and
releasing one of our product lines for
free uh at ringba literally last night
yeah yeah literally last night at dinner
we were talking about like we were
looking at how much money we make in Vue
how much the team's making in uh
Commission on it and uh we hit our sales
team this morning and just said to them
you know what guys I think it would be
really interesting to release this
product absolutely free for the industry
it'll be a great lead generator it'll be
a great loss leader you know and uh the
cost on it is fixed and the
infrastructure to support it is
extremely cheap and we have to have it
anyway so it's like the perfect storm of
a tool almost like a calculator or
something um it has real cost to it but
then you can kind of force uh the people
who want it to go through a
questionnaire with a salesperson like
what do you do what are you using
questions that they're just going to be
obligated to answer instead of that you
have to fish out um because they're
getting something of high value for free
so I I really really like um that
strategy and I'm curious uh since we're
on that topic a unique strategy
strategies you know um you grew up in
the performance marketing industry
Harrison did Josh did I did I'm curious
what are your some of your favorite um
super unique strategies that you've used
over the years that are like non-typical
asymmetric uh most people did would
would have never thought to use it like
what are what are some of the cool
strategies you you've used yeah so that
strategy that you just talked about we
use that heavily give away stuff for
free and sell them to something more our
agency is decent at scale right we're
nine plus figure uh Revenue year company
and 40 plus% of our leads used to come
from our free tools now at our size and
scale a lot of our business comes from
Word of Mouth referrals RFP because
we're five plus years old and people
know we're in the space now uh so that
strategy has been really amazing for us
another strategy that's been amazing is
buy so instead of build we look for
companies with web Properties or tools
that get a lot of traffic but don't
monetize other than through AdSense or
no monetization buy them pop on leg in
on there and then sell them um we did
that again last year in February we
bought another tool called answer the
public for 8.6 it was doing they said it
was doing a 100 a month in profit but
they had very little to know employees
on it so when you add employees it
really wasn't doing 100 a month in
profit uh we started uh capturing leads
as well and so far starting to play out
well for us um another strategy and
going this St on the buy topic one of my
old startups was called
kissmetrics they struggled l a little
bit uh for fundraising uh the company
ended up pretty much just going belly
under and what ended up happening is is
they needed money but the website got a
lot of visits like a million plus a
month so I offered them a half a million
bucks to just buy the domain they can
still keep the word kissmetrics I can
use it as much as I want but I have
access to the domain and whatever I want
to do and that worked out really well it
uh caused your agency to get way more
leads because they had our ideal traffic
base another strategy that I like doing
and this one's boring and ugly and I
don't know why a lot of people don't do
it if you're
selling uh toothbrushes and someone else
is selling toothpaste you should upsell
you know or down sell whatever you want
to call it their product upon checkout
and vice versa and you know we consider
that Partnerships not really like
affiliate marketing but just straight up
Partnerships that drives a ton of
revenue for us and people take those
like boring channels for granted um and
we find it to produce tons of Revenue if
you can just find people who don't sell
the same product or service as you but
they have similar audiences another
strategy that we've been doing for years
that's like just been fishing with
dynamite is globalization so at our Ad
Agency we've announced I think I don't
know how many regions we have announced
but we're in 16 countries where we've
hired leaders we'll be in 20 countries
and then pause for a little bit and then
work on getting a lot of them up and
running to keep in mind last year we
were only in six regions so we've added
a lot of countries that we're in which
means you have leaders and headcounts
and they build teams so what we've been
doing is translating our website and
transcribing it to other languages and
adapting it to the local regions
collecting leads uh most these regions
aren't competitive and that's been
driving a lot of business for us um and
then speaking at local events and
building up relationships uh locally uh
and yeah are you building are you
building sales teams in these other
countries then too or are every country
that's awesome when I was an affiliate
that's kind of what I did I just took
stuff out to other countries so I love
that you're doing that in the agency
model that's super cool yeah majority of
people are not in the United States we
tend not to do a franchise model we want
to own it all uh we do have Partners in
two regions in Brazil and India we had
some locals that own a fraction of uh
those businesses early on that help us
out uh eventually we'll probably just
buy out uh their stake and we loan 100%
of everything but yeah this model has
been working out really well for us and
we've been having fun doing it I'm
really curious how do you Source the
leadership talent in a foreign market
like that oh we we have recruiters that
work for us full-time we have a big
recruiting team so all all we do is or
biggest relative uh compared to
Microsoft we're actually very very tiny
they probably have more recruiters than
our overall employee count um I'm making
a guess there but you guys get probably
right yeah uh so for us what we'll do is
we'll look at people who work for
competing agencies okay like wpp Omnicom
and we'll look for the leaders who have
ran their agencies and we look for those
leaders who have been at multiple
agencies have continually gotten
promoted at multiple agencies and been
there for a while because that means
they were valuable to the agency if they
got promoted so if you're at two
competitors and you continually got
promoted that means they all both saw
you as very valuable and they're happy
with you so the moment you hire them
they usually are able to replicate the
same type of growth and same kind of
outcome it just takes a lot of time but
we found it to work really really well